# NITTA Frontend

This web application uses React + TypeScript + Sass + Bootstrap bundle along with a few tools like d3-graphviz for graphing and React-Router for routing.

It was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Installing and running

1. [Install yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) if not installed yet.
2. Run `yarn install` to download dependencies.
3. Run `cd .. && stack exec nitta-api-gen` to make generated type definitions located in `gen` folder.
4. Run `cd web` to go back to web source root and run `yarn start` to start development server.

## Overall Structure

- `src` :
    - `app` : app-wide components that exist on every page (navbar, app itself, etc.)
    - `components` : single purpose UI components
    - `screens` : all application screens
    - `services` : grouped and encapsulated classes with frontend business logic that can be used in components or other services (backend API wrapper for example)
        - `gen` : auto-generated by `nitta-api-gen`
    - `utils` : modules with generic utility functions
    - `custom.scss` : customizes Boostrap SASS variables according to project's needs
- `public` :
    - `index.html` : full HTML template for React to be injected into
    - `manifest.json` : provides [metadata](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/web-app-manifest/) used when your web app is installed on a user's mobile device or desktop

## Tooling

Using [prettier.io](https://prettier.io) autoformatter with VS Code + extensions proved to be convenient to develop this project, although most editors should understand provided `.editorconfig` file and make no trouble.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.

The page will reload if you make edits.

You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

<!-- ### `npm run eject` -->

<!-- That's a custom script implemented by Create React App, which was used to bootstrap this project. -->

<!-- **Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!** -->

<!-- If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project. -->

<!-- Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own. -->

<!-- You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it. -->

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
